Kindergarden scenarios

0a. Hi
0b. What can you do? (onboarding)
1. Child is late
2. Child is sick or OOO (1 or a few days)
3. Child food menu changed for today
4. Forgot to check in/out the kid
5. I will be late to pick up the child (before 6pm and after 6pm)
6. enrolment form to get into the whitelist via bot 
7. Thank you

1. 
L: Hello, Michael will be late today
B: Do you know around when he will be in the day care today?
L: I think around 10:00
B: Sorry for asking, but was is the reason for him to be late (we need for the reporting)
L: We had a doctor's appointment for him
B: Thank you and all the best
2.
L: Hello, Michael won't be able to come today/till Friday/4 days
B: Thank you for letting us know, could you please let us know the reason?
L: We are going for a ski trip
B: Thank you and all the best
3.
L: Hello
B: Hello, how are you?
L: Good, thanks. I've some updates for you about Michael's food requirements for today.
B: What is it?
L: We went to a doctor today and we were advised that he shouldn't eat dairy today
B: Got it. I will make sure our personal knows.
4.
L: I forgot to check in Michael
B: No problems, I am here to help you. When did you leave him?
L: I dropped him around 7:40am
B: Got it. Thanks.
5. 
L: Hi, I will be late to pick Michael
B: Just as a reminder, if you arrive after 4pm and until 6pm, you will be charged 25$ as after day care fee. Every MINUTE after 6pm is charged at 5$ per minuter, sorry for this. Do you understand?
L: I think I should be able to pick him up before 6pm.
B: Good, thanks and see you.
6. 
L: Hello, I'd like to enrol into you day care
B: I can enrol you right here, but I need to ask you a few questions. Is is OK?
L: Sure
B: What is your name?
B: What is your email?
B: Please let me know the full name of your child
L: Don Giovanni
B: What is the gender?
L: a boy
B: When is his birthday?
L: 15/08/2013
B: When do you want to start?
B: Which days would you like to attend?
B: Looks like I have everything I need. I will contact you right here or via email if we have further questions or news.
L: np
